[Feature] Added `no_wait` option for clusters to skip waiting to start on cluster creation (#3953)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/cluster.md

* `custom_tags` - (Optional) Additional tags for cluster resources. Databricks will tag all cluster resources (e.g., AWS EC2 instances and EBS volumes) with these tags in addition to `default_tags`. If a custom cluster tag has the same name as a default cluster tag, the custom tag is prefixed with an `x_` when it is propagated.
* `spark_conf` - (Optional) Map with key-value pairs to fine-tune Spark clusters, where you can provide custom [Spark configuration properties](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html) in a cluster configuration.
* `is_pinned` - (Optional) boolean value specifying if the cluster is pinned (not pinned by default). You must be a Databricks administrator to use this.  The pinned clusters' maximum number is [limited to 100](https://docs.databricks.com/clusters/clusters-manage.html#pin-a-cluster), so `apply` may fail if you have more than that (this number may change over time, so check Databricks documentation for actual number).

> * `no_wait` - (Optional) boolean value specifying if the provider don't need to wait for cluster to be started when creating it. Default value is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `no_wait` - (Optional) boolean value specifying if the provider doesn't need to wait for the cluster to be started when creating it. Defaults to false.
```

> * `no_wait` - (Optional) boolean value specifying if the provider doesn't need to wait for the cluster to be started when creating it. Defaults to false.

Reviewer 2: Should we do the same for updates?

Author: Discussed offline: decided not to add the flag for update for now because default behaviour for update at the moment is already no_wait and changing default + introducing flag might be too complicated. We can follow up on this later if needed

> * `no_wait` - (Optional) boolean value specifying if the provider doesn't need to wait for the cluster to be started when creating it. Defaults to false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `no_wait` - (Optional) If true, the provider will not wait for the cluster to reach `RUNNING` state when creating the cluster, allowing cluster creation and library installation to continue asynchronously. Defaults to false (the provider will wait for cluster creation and library installation to succeed).
```
